## hello internet 🌀

my name is Amaya and I'm a data scientist, musician, runner, writer, cyclist, climber, and artist. in short, I'm very online. 💻

I have two degrees from Berkeley: one in Data Science and one in Society & Environment. After graduating in 2023, I took a break from technical work to take a role in the concert industry, producing large-scale shows for artists like Neil Young, St. Vincent, and the 1975. As a musician and music writer, I loved being at the center of such an exciting field. I was also launching my newsletter, [Record Store](https://www.recordstore.substack.com), which has since grown into a 2000+ subscriber publication (and it was recently featured in the [Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/culture/2023/sep/10/inbox-33-substack-newsletters-culture-to-read-blogging)).

I'm back to looking for a technical role as a Data Scientist, with hopes towards working in climate tech, music, or internet culture. I love projects that make meaning in the world, create memorable user experiences, or reveal important social, political, or cultural insights. I've worked with technologies/libraries/tools like: Python, Java, SQL, pandas, scikit-learn, seaborn, scipy, git, Tableau, ArcGIS, etc. My projects ranged from predictive wildfire modeling, personal music taste algorithms, healthcare outcomes from freeway proximity, and breast cancer diagnosis analysis. **But I think my greatest strength as a data scientist is my ability to teach myself new things on the fly; I can google myself into an answer in five minutes and have a good nose for when someone has already built infrastructure to do the thing I'm trying to do.** I'm obsessed with efficiency and readability and love making beautiful things. 🌐
